a platoon of red army soldiers hunts
demons in the siberian forest sergeant
sergey pavlovak and lieutenant nikolai
zakharov raise concerns that the men
are too dispersed but the major dismiss
is their worries
following a bloody victory scout ocean
finds the decomposed corpse of a fallen
secret police agent
boris grisham grishan's notebook
describes operation hades
an attempt to summon demons to fight for
the red army
however the summoners failed to control
them and are killed
[Music]
sergey wishes to use this information to
get rid of the demons
but zakharov fears it would expose the
government's past errors
as they locate a barrow ocean and
another soldier
pagoda in ready munitions to seal the
demon's nest but the blast instead opens
the entire borough
the horde is larger than expected so
zakharov orders a last stand
commanding his son to relay a message to
bombard their current location to kill
the
horde by the morning the whole platoon
is killed by the demons
but planes fly over them and begin
carpet bombing